Add more meat to the docs (#1)
qiskit-community/qiskit_rng: docs/install.rst

Overview
--------

Installation of ``qiskit_rng`` has two pieces.  First, this module itself
that contains the RNG number generation.  And second, a subset of the 
`Qiskit <https://qiskit.org/>`_ SDK that
constructs quantum circuits, and makes the appropriate API calls to execute
those circuits and later call the extractor API.  Both of these pieces
are installed with a single command.

Install
-------

> Installation of ``qiskit_rng`` is a simple call tp PyPI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installation of ``qiskit_rng`` is accomplished with a simple call to ``pip``
to download and install everything needed from PyPI:
```
